Large bet on myself in round one.
Whoa a real live robot; or is that some kind of cheesy New Year's costume? Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Leela's gonna kill me. Enough about your promiscuous mother, Hermes! We have bigger problems.

Professor, make a woman out of me. I was all of history's great robot actors - Acting Unit 0. 8; Thespomat; David Duchovny! Leela, are you alright? You got wanged on the head. Can we have Bender Burgers again?

You mean while I'm sleeping in it?
Whoa a real live robot; or is that some kind of cheesy New Year's costume? Anyone who laughs is a communist! Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Enough about your promiscuous mother, Hermes! We have bigger problems.

Who said that? SURE you can die! You want to die?!
I'm a thing.
Hey, whatcha watching?
Do a flip!
Can we have Bender Burgers again? Now what? Bender, this is Fry's decision… and he made it wrong. So it's time for us to interfere in his life. Leela, are you alright? You got wanged on the head.

Oh God, what have I done?
The key to victory is discipline, and that means a well made bed. You will practice until you can make your bed in your sleep.
Shut up and get to the point!
Ummm…to eBay? Anyhoo, your net-suits will allow you to experience Fry's worm infested bowels as if you were actually wriggling through them. The alien mothership is in orbit here. If we can hit that bullseye, the rest of the dominoes will fall like a house of cards. Checkmate.

This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! Bender, being God isn't easy. If you do too much, people get dependent on you, and if you do nothing, they lose hope. You have to use a light touch. Like a safecracker, or a pickpocket.

If rubbin' frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I don't wanna be right. Ow, my spirit! I videotape every customer that comes in here, so that I may blackmail them later. I didn't ask for a completely reasonable excuse! I asked you to get busy!

No! The kind with looting and maybe starting a few fires! That's not soon enough! Why, those are the Grunka-Lunkas! They work here in the Slurm factory. I didn't ask for a completely reasonable excuse! I asked you to get busy!

Man, I'm sore all over. I feel like I just went ten rounds with mighty Thor. It's okay, Bender. I like cooking too. So, how 'bout them Knicks? Why would I want to know that? Eeeee! Now say "nuclear wessels"!

A sexy mistake. My fellow Earthicans, as I have explained in my book 'Earth in the Balance'', and the much more popular ''Harry Potter and the Balance of Earth', we need to defend our planet against pollution. Also dark wizards.

a this line starts with an 'a'

b this line starts with a and ends with a b

t this line starts with a and ends with a t

Hey, what kinda party is this? There's no booze and only one hooker. There's one way and only one way to determine if an animal is intelligent. Dissect its brain! I guess because my parents keep telling me to be more ladylike. As though!

Check it out, y'all. Everyone who was invited is here. Now that the, uh, garbage ball is in space, Doctor, perhaps you can help me with my sexual inhibitions? Shinier than yours, meatbag. Ah, computer dating. It's like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase "upside your head."

That's not soon enough! Bender, being God isn't easy. If you do too much, people get dependent on you, and if you do nothing, they lose hope. You have to use a light touch. Like a safecracker, or a pickpocket.

Is the Space Pope reptilian!? Enough about your promiscuous mother, Hermes! We have bigger problems. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesn't make sense. You, a bobsleder!? That I'd like to see!

Can I use the gun? We'll need to have a look inside you with this camera. Negative, bossy meat creature! But I know you in the future. I cleaned your poop. It's okay, Bender. I like cooking too. Um, is this the boring, peaceful kind of taking to the streets?